[Discord feedback] Add mention of pseudo ipv4 in restoring visitor ip addresses (#11690)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/support/Troubleshooting/Restoring Visitor IPs/Restoring original visitor IPs.md

When your [website traffic is routed through the Cloudflare network](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/articles/205177068), we act as a reverse proxy. This allows Cloudflare to speed up page load time by routing packets more efficiently and caching static resources (images, JavaScript, CSS, etc.). As a result, when responding to requests and logging them, your origin server returns a [Cloudflare IP address](https://www.cloudflare.com/ips/).

> For example, if you install applications that depend on the incoming IP address of the original visitor, a Cloudflare IP address is logged by default. The original visitor IP address appears in an appended HTTP header called [_CF-Connecting-IP_](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/articles/200170986). By following our [web server instructions](#web-server-instructions), you can log the original visitor IP address at your origin server. If this HTTP header is not available when requests reach your origin server, check your [Transform Rules](/rules/transform/) and [Managed Transforms](/rules/transform/managed-transforms/) configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you install applications that depend on the incoming IP address of the original visitor, a Cloudflare IP address is logged by default. The original visitor IP address appears in an appended HTTP header called [_CF-Connecting-IP_](/fundamentals/reference/http-request-headers/). By following our [web server instructions](#web-server-instructions), you can log the original visitor IP address at your origin server. If this HTTP header is not available when requests reach your origin server, check your [Transform Rules](/rules/transform/) and [Managed Transforms](/rules/transform/managed-transforms/) configuration.
```

Reviewer: The support address is redirected to fundamentals, so suggesting the change
